# Virtual Machines
Azure Virtual Machines (VM) is one of several types of `on-demand`, scalable computing resources that Azure offers. Typically, you choose a VM when you need more control over the computing environment than the other choices offer. This article gives you information about what you should consider before you create a VM, how you create it, and how you manage it.

When you create one vm in azure you can choose many things:
- Operative System(Image Base)
- Size(There are several options on azure for diferents porpuses)(Ram, CPU, Disk)
- Availability Strategy
## Azure Domains
There are two azure domains types:

### Fault Domains
Fault domains define the group of virtual machines that share a common power source and network switch. By default, the virtual machines configured within your availability set are separated across up to three fault domains
### Update Domains
Update domains indicate groups of virtual machines and underlying physical hardware that can be rebooted at the same time. When more than five virtual machines are configured within a single availability set with five update domains, the sixth virtual machine is placed into the same update domain as the first virtual machine, the seventh in the same update domain as the second virtual machine, and so on. The order of update domains being rebooted may not proceed sequentially during planned maintenance, but only one update domain is rebooted at a time. A rebooted update domain is given 30 minutes to recover before maintenance is initiated on a different update domain.